README.md, before:

# Premium Fitness Tracker

A premium, high-performance fitness tracking application built with **Next.js** and **Vanilla CSS**. This project features a visually stunning, glassmorphic dark theme, interactive activity rings, and a comprehensive workout logging system designed to provide users with a delightful and motivating experience.

## ✨ Features

- **Dynamic Dashboard**: 
  - **Activity Rings**: SVG-based animated progress rings for daily goals (Move, Exercise, Stand).
  - **Daily Stats**: Interactive cards displaying Steps, Heart Rate, Water Intake, and Sleep.
  - **Health Metrics**: Visual charts tracking weekly activity trends.
- **Workout Tracking**:
  - **Exercise Library**: Curated list of exercises with muscle group tags.
  - **Activity History**: Detailed log of recent workouts with duration and calorie stats.
- **Premium UX/UI**:
  - **Dark Mode**: Deep, elegant color palette with vibrant gradients.
  - **Glassmorphism**: Translucent panels and blurs for a modern aesthetic.
  - **Micro-animations**: Smooth entrance animations and hover effects.
  - **Responsive Design**: Flawless experience across mobile, tablet, and desktop.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js 15 (App Router)](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Language**: [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- **Styling**: Vanilla CSS (CSS Modules & Variables)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Fonts**: [Outfit](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Outfit) (via `next/font`)

## 🏗 Architecture

The application follows a component-based architecture optimized for performance and maintainability.

```mermaid
graph TD
    User[User] -->|Visits| App[Next.js App]
    
    subgraph "Core Layout"
        App --> Sidebar[Sidebar Navigation]
        App --> Layout[Layout Wrapper]
    end

    subgraph "Pages"
        Layout --> Dashboard[Dashboard Page]
        Layout --> Workouts[Workouts Page]
    end

    subgraph "Dashboard Components"
        Dashboard --> ActivityRings[Activity Rings]
        Dashboard --> StatCards[Stat Cards]
        Dashboard --> HealthCharts[Health Charts]
    end

    subgraph "Workout Components"
        Workouts --> WorkoutList[Workout Log]
        Workouts --> ExerciseLib[Exercise Library]
    end

    subgraph "Design System"
        Sidebar -.-> CSS[Global CSS Variables]
        ActivityRings -.-> CSS
        StatCards -.-> CSS
    end
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:PriyankaSDaida/premium-fitness-tracker.git
   cd premium-fitness-tracker
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the development server:**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser:**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the project
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add health and settings pages, log modal, and dashboard enhancements (#3)
Introduces new Health and Settings pages with placeholder content. Adds a reusable LogModal component with styles for logging workouts, water, and sleep directly from the dashboard. Enhances the dashboard with quick action buttons, edit layout mode, and improved interactivity. Updates the sidebar with a user menu. Includes a dashboard preview image and a simple test server script. Updates README with architecture and feature details.

README.md, after:

# Premium Fitness Tracker

A premium, high-performance fitness tracking application built with **Next.js** and **Vanilla CSS**. This project features a visually stunning, glassmorphic dark theme, interactive activity rings, and a comprehensive workout logging system designed to provide users with a delightful and motivating experience.

![Dashboard Preview](./public/dashboard-preview.png)

## ✨ Features

- **Dynamic & Interactive Dashboard**: 
  - **Activity Rings**: SVG-based animated progress rings for daily goals (Move, Exercise, Stand).
  - **Daily Stats**: Interactive cards displaying Steps, Heart Rate, Water Intake, and Sleep.
  - **Quick Actions**: Log workouts, water, and sleep directly from the dashboard with intuitive modals.
  - **Customization**: Toggle "Edit Layout" mode to visualize widget arrangement.
- **Workout Tracking**:
  - **Exercise Library**: Curated list of exercises with muscle group tags.
  - **Activity History**: Detailed log of recent workouts with duration and calorie stats.
- **Premium UX/UI**:
  - **Dark Mode**: Deep, elegant color palette with vibrant gradients.
  - **Glassmorphism**: Translucent panels and blurs for a modern aesthetic.
  - **Micro-animations**: Smooth entrance animations and hover effects.
  - **Responsive Design**: Flawless experience across mobile, tablet, and desktop.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js 15 (App Router)](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Language**: [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- **Styling**: Vanilla CSS (CSS Modules & Variables)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Fonts**: [Outfit](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Outfit) (via `next/font`)

## 🏗 Architecture

The application follows a component-based architecture optimized for performance and maintainability.

```mermaid
graph TD
    User[User] -->|Visits| App[Next.js App]
    
    subgraph "Core Layout"
        App --> Sidebar[Sidebar Navigation]
        App --> Layout[Layout Wrapper]
    end

    subgraph "Pages"
        Layout --> Dashboard[Dashboard Page]
        Layout --> Workouts[Workouts Page]
    end

    subgraph "Dashboard Components"
        Dashboard --> ActivityRings[Activity Rings]
        Dashboard --> StatCards[Stat Cards]
        Dashboard --> HealthCharts[Health Charts]
        Dashboard --> Modals[Log Modals]
    end

    subgraph "Workout Components"
        Workouts --> WorkoutList[Workout Log]
        Workouts --> ExerciseLib[Exercise Library]
    end

    subgraph "Design System"
        Sidebar -.-> CSS[Global CSS Variables]
        ActivityRings -.-> CSS
        StatCards -.-> CSS
        Modals -.-> CSS
    end
```

### 🧩 Architecture Overview

The **Premium Fitness Tracker** is architected as a **Next.js 15** application leveraging the **App Router** for efficient routing and server-side rendering capabilities.

-   **Data Flow**: The application uses a unidirectional data flow. The `Dashboard` page serves as the connection point (container), managing state for modals and data distribution to child components like `ActivityRings` and `StatCards`.
-   **Component Design**:
    -   **Atomic Components**: Small, reusable UI elements (e.g., `ActivityRing`, `StatCard`) are built to be stateless and presentational.
    -   **Layout Handling**: A persistent `Sidebar` and `LayoutWrapper` ensure navigation remains consistent across page transitions.
    -   **Modals**: The `LogModal` component is implemented as a portal-like overlay, allowing users to interact with the application without leaving the current context.
-   **Styling Strategy**: We utilize **CSS Modules** for component-level style isolation, combined with **Global CSS Variables** for theming. This ensures the "Premium Dark Mode" is consistent and easily maintainable across the entire application.


## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:PriyankaSDaida/premium-fitness-tracker.git
   cd premium-fitness-tracker
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the development server:**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser:**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the project
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
